News and this video is actually not in
4k like the other ones today I've
realized that while do 4k videos take a
long time to upload hours even on a very
good connection so what we're doing
today is we're going to show you guys
this is the a IO or AT&T Wireless galaxy
s4 now people have the mf3 update or MH
1 or some other ones haven't been able
to actually route their device we're
going to show you how you can do it
today it's a simple one-click solution
there's a couple prerequisites and this
one's already routed we can show you but
I'm still going to go through the
process you see Super User is already
installed now the only thing you need to
do the first thing you need to do and
I'm sorry if the cameras like I'm trying
to hold this thing steady guys but I'm
shooting this with handheld as you can
see in the background my other video
showing you guys how to do a my v 2200
is uploading so what we're going to do
here basically want to go to more I want
Bluetooth devices you want to go to more
I want to scroll down to about device
you want to go down to build number and
you want to click it like 5 times and
it's going to say you're a developer
once you get that you're going to see
developer options you want to open
developer options click stay awake
because you don't want it to go to sleep
while you're doing this next process and
click USB debugging once you do that you
need to plug this device into your
computer let the respective drivers
install should be connected to the
internet now I'm going to open up a cool
little program here that's called Kingo
root and we will link to it here in the
description it basically allows you to
root your device it's a one-click
solution so give me one second I'm going
to plug this in actually probably should
have G flex on a tripod but I'm going to
hold this anyway guys so let this thing
zoom alright up it's because I'm already
rooted I'm trying to get it to show you
guys like it's not rooted
so you can remove route a route again
where it's going to go route again so
you guys can see how the process works
not says routing it's waiting for the
device checks the connection that's it
guys it's a one-click solution and it
works for a multitude of Samsung devices
not just the s4 I'll go through with the
note three and a couple other ones to
show you guys how this works and it does
give you full route access and you can
watch it go step-by-step if it has an
issue it will ask you how to fix it and
that's it
route succeeded it's really that simple
the reason why we were showing you why
you need to route your device is we're
going to show you how to unlock the
galaxy s4 without any special Menu key
methods or anything of that with a
simple app so there's the device and it
is now officially rooted and it will
work for you as well and this video has
helped you make sure you click the
thumbs up button if you like what we do
and subscribe to the channel for more
tutorials on how to do other cool stuff
here at TK tech news till next time I'm
going to see in the next video where we
actually unlock this device